Added direct Lambda invoke documentation (#746)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/lambda/index.md

In the old Lambda provider, you could create a function with any arbitrary string as the role, such as `r1`. However, the new provider requires the role ARN to be in the format `arn:aws:iam::000000000000:role/lambda-role` and validates it using an appropriate regex. However, it currently does not check whether the role exists.
{{< /alert >}}

### Invoke the Function with AWS CLI

> Invoke the function directly. See ['Lambda CLI invoke docs'](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/lambda/invoke.html) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke the function directly. See the [Lambda CLI invoke docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/lambda/invoke.html) for more information.
```

The command below encodes the body as a JSON string like an event coming from API Gateway or Lambda URL does.
This requires AWS CLI v2. To see examples of using the 3 ways to use the AWS CLI with LocalStack, see this repo. [Simple AWS CLI Sample with Lambda](https://github.com/localstack-samples/sample-simple-invoke-lambda)

#### Using awslocal

> This should be using AWS ClI v2 similar to this output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be using AWS ClI v2, similar to this output.
```

### Invoke the Function with AWS CLI
Invoke the function directly. See ['Lambda CLI invoke docs'](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/lambda/invoke.html) 
The command below encodes the body as a JSON string like an event coming from API Gateway or Lambda URL does.

> This requires AWS CLI v2. To see examples of using the 3 ways to use the AWS CLI with LocalStack, see this repo. [Simple AWS CLI Sample with Lambda](https://github.com/localstack-samples/sample-simple-invoke-lambda)

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
This requires AWS CLI v2. To see examples of the three ways to use the AWS CLI with LocalStack, see this repo: [Simple AWS CLI Sample with Lambda](https://github.com/localstack-samples/sample-simple-invoke-lambda)
```
